# Self-Registration

## The Invitation
If you have been invited to create a 37HRD Account by your organisation's accounts manager, you will receive an email or letter with an 8 character code. This is your **authorisation code**, which is required for registration. The code is generated by your organisation's accounts manager from within their dashboard, instructions for which are (available here)[./37hrd-tools/0012-user-management.md].

## Per-Organisation Accounts
It is not yet possible to have one account for multiple organisations registered with MMN/37HRD. Say you are already registered with **Organisation A** with email address **joe.b@example.com**. As part of the sign-up, you would have been given a unique username, for example, **jos1722**. To register with **Organisation B**, you can still use your original email address **joe.b@example.com**, but you will need a new account, with a new unique username.

## First Steps
To self-register, visit [https://my.37hrd.uk/self-registration](https://my.37hrd.uk/self-registration).

### Joining an Organisation
You will first be asked for your authorisation code. When you fully complete the self-registration process, this code will automatically be revoked, preventing anyone else from using it to register. You will be asked if you wish to join the organisation that granted you the code.

### Email Address
You can use any personal email address to sign up for a 37HRD Account. However, you cannot use an email address of a domain signed up with MMN (e.g. `37hrd.uk` or `standrewsurccardiff.co.uk`). This is because, depending on your role(s) within your organisation, you can control the email accounts for your domain, which could prevent you from logging in and recovering your account if you had signed up with it.

Should you need to create more than one 37HRD Account to access more than one organisation, you can use the same email address if you wish. Your username will be unique, and this will be how you log in.

### Personal Details
In this section, you can fill out personal details, such as full name and contact details.

### Organisation Address Book
During the self-registraion process, you can also choose to join your organisation's Address Book, if your organisation has this enabled. The Address Book allows anyone in your organisation to see who is registered on the system. You can also choose to upload a profile picture.

### Password
Finally, you will be asked to create a password. It must follow these rules:

* Between 10 and 256 characters in length
* Not contain consecutive sequences of 3 characters or more (e.g. 123, abc)
* Contain at least 1 UPPERCASE character
* Contain at least 1 lowercase character
* Contain at least 1 special characters
* Not contain space or tab characters
* Not contain non-Latin characters

For password security, we recommend these tips:

* Don't reuse a password from another account
* Use a secure password manager
* Never share your password with another person - if need be, they can request their own account
* Enable 2FA (currently in progress.)
